yeah yeah cute what's up guys it's like
what's funny here please gimme Jake so I
want to make a quick video for you guys
we had to change our camera we don't
have really when we just use apologize
this is my this for camera outside of
high-tech yeah that's fancy but don't
work sorry about that um one of my queen
video for guys just because uh we had a
crazy storm like three nights ago two
nights ago we've lost power we've lost
internet obviously it goes with the
power but we didn't get internet back I
like it'll y equal hours ago yeah so a
couple hours ago but we were really
leave the house anyway cuz we're busy
bees doing things for the people right
now so uh huh we have to get videos of
you guys so we swam a quick video
apologize sorry my dad very sorry see
all right yes didn't do you have like we
just were able to check and you have
like 40 messages yeah in his xbox online
xboxes no idea oh yeah i probably have
100 so I so all right good I deeply
apologize not ignoring you he's not
ignoring we lost internet we just you
know everything went down there's
someone it got like 65 our ones or
something like that that tree actually
fell sideways always on someone's house
that we know and completely just tore
the house of that took down out I think
it's been crazy guys good bet that
couple days and we still have puppy
trouble sir just trying to do that
it's just I created it yeah so we
apologize I've never responded or
available to your comments or inviting
you an x-bar shipping we apologize we
have an Internet we've had barely had
power we apologize guys we're hoping to
get back on track here in the next
couple days yeah so hopefully we can do
that I think the update is coming up so
that's cool yeah so that's sounds like
14 yeah I did have that I mean the
internet is down but we're salable to
the record things just not put them
online so I think we have what two or
three videos yep ready to go we just
have to put them up we just have to
buffer old football and you guys we just
have that internet do it yeah and they
couldn't have us both in it so it's just
me that are talking I'm just kind of
talking because we can't do the whole
xbox live run this yeah sorry about that
it's been crazy you guys we're still
trying to it for you guys over we're
going through craziness that's it a bad
week and I'm sorry I haven't been around
to talk lately I've been working like
crazy so it's just been Elfman psycho
but I'm back so hopefully welcome back
guys well if ace is he yay hi guys we
just want to make a quick video for you
guys apologize I'm going to get back on
track and we have a look at your
comments your messages are like Nora you
or anything that weighs haven't had an
ability to so hopefully we can catch
back up sorry about that guys thanks
stuff for watching it's like what about
peace